Separate image ingestion from main pipeline run (#544)
askap-vast/vast-pipeline: docs/using/ingestimages.md

> # Adding images to the database

Reviewer: I think it would be good to see this page expanded slightly to include a description of the configuration file for the command (see the `Run Configuration` page for what I mean). I don't think it needs a full example, as we haven't done for others but the config should be explained here. I think the entries could be copied from this page - then the work is done ready for when those options are(/if) eventually removed from the main processing file.

> When running the pipeline, any new images listed in your configuration that do not exist in the database will be processed and uploaded to the database.
> Administrators have the added option of ingesting new images via the command line, without running the full pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Administrators have the added option of ingesting new images via the command line, without running the full pipeline.

!!! note
    Currently, when non-admin users run the pipeline, any images listed in the configuration that do not exist in the database will be processed and uploaded to the database. Hence, it is not a requirement to ingest images using this process before a run is processed that uses new images.

```

Reviewer: Just swapping the order of these statements.

> Administrators can refer to the [`ingestimages`](../adminusage/cli/#ingestimages) command for details on how to ingest images.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Administrators can refer to the [`ingestimages`](../../adminusage/cli/#ingestimages) command for details on how to ingest images.
```
